rig: add page (#4655)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rig.md

# rig

> > Utility that will piece together a random first name, last name, street number and address, along with a geographically consistant (ie, they all match the same area) city, state, ZIP code, and area code.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Utility to piece together a random first name, last name, street number and address, along with a geographically consistent (ie, they all match the same area) city, state, ZIP code, and area code.
```

> > More information: <http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/bionic/man6/rig.6.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/focal/man6/rig.6.html>.
```

> - Return a random name and address:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can say here the randomly gender to get a simpler example description is the next example:
```suggestion
- Display a random name (male or female) and address:
```

`rig`

> - Specify male/female name. If neither or both options are selected, RIG uses both female and male names:

Reviewer 2: If we move the randomly gender to the previous example, we can say this shorter:
```suggestion
- Display a [m]ale (or [f]emale) random name and address:
```
Or we can replace this with 2 examples, 1 for male, 1 for female.

Reviewer 2: @neel24 what about this?

> `rig -m`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rig {{-m|-f}}`
```

> `rig {{-m|-f}}`

Reviewer 2: Based on `cargo` page the correct `{{` are:
```suggestion
`rig -{{m|f}}`
```

- Use data files from a specific directory (default is `/usr/share/rig`):

`rig -d {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Display a specific `count` of identities:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a specific number of identities:
```

> - Use data files found in *datadir*. Without this  option, the  default  directory  of /usr/share/rig is assumed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use data files from a specific directory (default is `/usr/share/rig`):
```

> `rig -d {{datadir}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rig -d {{path/to/directory}}`
```

> - Output *num* identities. Default is 1:

Reviewer 2: Do you think we need to explain default is 1?
```suggestion
- Display a specific `count` of identities:
```

Author: Nope I think we can leave that one out.

> `rig -c {{num}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rig -c {{count}}`
```

> - Display a specific `count` of female identities:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a specific number of female identities:
```

> - Return *num* identities for both male/female:

Reviewer 2: This is the default behavior (get female and male identities), maybe we can set the example for only female identities:
```suggestion
- Display  a specific `count` of female identities:
```
What do you think?

Author: Good idea, the user can then decide to use the -f or -m from the second example.

> `rig -m -f -c {{num}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`rig -f -c {{count}}`
```
